They're all looking for someone to replace them
You shut up you are talking nonsense
Why did I panic before I could say anything more exciting?
Chengyu, don't listen to his nonsense
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Is there any evidence for what you just said?
It's easy to prove that you're not looking for a replacement
How about you sing a song in front of everyone?
Why doesn't he sing?
Is it really impossible for Jiang Yurou?
This Jiang Yurou
It was because of the good singing
If he does ask for a replacement
So are you taking the listeners for fools?
Ah!
I also don't think he is so bold to cause trouble
What the hell is going on?
Do you believe me, this woman?
She must have been sent by the family to smear me
Such a simple way to prove yourself
You dare not try
Don't you want to?
Still dare not